Come on honey, slice and dice--I don't know, mna. He's awful big--Slice and dice, we got a quota--I don't know, man, look at him.  He's into it--Can't do muders when they are into it--Let's hit the arcade, man--always a good time at the arcade--Start wif the little one--Slice and dice man slice and dice--Jesus my arm--something stuck in my arm--S'okay man I got my nine--Anything moves I shoot--Sike--what's he do--wha--No...put me down--We will kill the od man Gordon.  His women will weep for him.  We will chop him.  We will grind him.  We will bathe in his blood.  I myself will kill the fool Batman.  I will rip the meat from his bones and suck them dry.  I will eat his heart and drag his body through the street. Don't call us a gang.  Don't call us criminals. We are the law. We are the future. Gotham City belongs to the mutants.  Soon the world will be ours. Thas right, man--one million--or you never hear the little shit cry again.  I be callin in an hour wif the where an when. Bye. Ridley's goin frit. Beggin to pay. Hit it wif the trank, man--Les jus flush im down the john, man. He's flushed, man.  Soon's we get the mill. Jesus--he's messed hisself...Man--stick his butt anyw--door was locked--Chill, man--it's just a god damn--bat..Jesus--get away--Oh, man--it is him--Grace--keep your gun on the kid--Spot--get out of th way--Should've got out of the way,Spot--Wh--th wall--Backoff,man--I'll kill the kid--believe me, man, I will--believe me--Wh--Wh--where am I...C...can't see, man...what's on my face...I think I'm bleeding, man...I need a doctor...man..S..solid, man...I'll tell you...deal is..no cops, man...I walk...what do you say, man?  Word's come down, man--From the leader. So get in--we doin' crimes, man--an we behind quota--got no time fer speeches--not talkin speeches, man. Talkin war. Got an hour to make the dump.  Okay, okay--They call us a gang.  They call us a mob.  They think we just noisy kids. Only when they die by our hands and see their women raped will they know...We have the strength--we have the will--and now we have the guns. Gotham City belongs to the mutants! Take the guns. Take the bombs.  Storm police head-quarters.  Kill and kill.  Bring me the head of the old man Gordon.  My truncheon will carry it through the streets.  I shall crush the fool--Batma--Batman!  I call you coward! Come out, coward--face me--I will kill you--eat your heart---Come on man--you borin me-- Batman is a coward I broke his bones.  I conquered the fool.  I made him beg for mercy.  Only by cheating did he escape me alve.  Let him go to his women.  Let him lick his wounds.  His day is done.  Gotham City belongs to the mutants.  Soon my army will storm Gotham City.  Soon the head of Gordon will be carried through the streets.  Then I will hunt your new cop--your woman cop--and I will...We will come for our leader.  We will raze Gotham.  We will rape Gotham.  We will taste Gotham's blood.  Check want's comin, man--some piece--tasty--hey--is that who I think--it is--Hey, sweet piece--we got plans f you--nize plans. Frigid bitch--we cure her...You got any kids, officer? That Batman--he nasty.  Tossed Spike right through the sign, Don. I figure that real cool, Rob. Figure fixing the sign didn't billy up the price of th games. And leader don't shiv on Batman--leader say he pegged Batman.  Leader say, but leader chill--in a cell, Don.  An Batman--he nuke half the gang, radical.  Hey--eyes slideways, Don.  Chicken leg comin--wearin colors.  My mon licken chegs--Chegs kinda my nasty, Rob. Chegs billy--chegs are pre-school mutant.  Yeahh, you leader squeeze I figure.  We mutants!  We slicer-dicers!  Bawd! She don't shiv.  Ain't fan. What pipe, chicken leg?  We mutants!  What's this pipe?  Sure th pipe. We heard.  Real cool Rob.  Just asking, officer.  I love kids.  You ain't heard, man? Th pipe.  I heard, man, I heard.  How about a wife?  Got a sweet little wife?  You come to say hello, old man? You so dead, old man!  Face me, fool--I will kill you--I show you who rules Gotham City!  You see, Don.  Batman--he nasty.  Nope Rob don't say balls nasty.  Balls nasty.  Shh!  Leader's boggin!  Leader Billy Beserk, Spud.  Leader peg Batman.  You see.  Hey...Better get that TV working, man--Hyuh balls nasty.  He dusted--my mon boner--dusted man he got no face...Balls nasty shit man we never get TV now...Boner don't say we breakin out--Bogue he got no face--Boner nasty--Ziplip we breakin out.  Spuds in front.  Rad Bawd! breaking out--Balls rad Spuds in front, man--No Spud man I'm slicer dicer--Cops ain't fan--Don't shiv--Whole city blacked out--Rad balls rad it's out night--slice and dice man--slice an dice--You hear horses? You know--like a western--Eyes slideways, Spud--there--